### DSpace North American User Meeting Schedule

* [Meeting Information](https://www.library.georgetown.edu/node/19724)
* [Have a topic idea?](https://docs.google.com/a/georgetown.edu/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSev8m6pJWaun6Mn0QKupXDZByJfigsEMxkMPZ8nGEgOf_YPyw/viewform)
* [Meeting Slides](https://gitpitch.com/terrywbrady/dspaceUserMeeting?grs=github&t=white)

---?include=schedule/tuesday.md

+++

### Development of the New DSpace 7 User Interface

* Talk: Development of the New DSpace 7 User Interface
  * Tim Donohue, DuraSpace
  
+++

### Lightning Talks 1 (Tuesday PM)

* Talk: Digital Data Services 
  * Kate Dohe and Ben Wallberg, U of Maryland
* Talk: Data migration from DSpace 5 to Dspace 6
  * Zhongda Zhang, U of Oklahoma
* Talk: Symplectic Elements at Virginia Tech
  * Anne Lawrence, Virginia Tech
* Talk: Advocating for DSpace when choosing between systems
  * Tom Hutchinson, Swarthmore

+++

### Discussion 1 (Tuesday PM)

* The Tradeoffs of Maintaining Multiple Platforms or Converging on One Repo to Rule Them All
  * Kate Dohe and Ben Wallberg, U of Maryland
* [DSpace and IIIF](https://gitpitch.com/terrywbrady/dspaceUserMeeting?p=dspaceIIIF) 
  * Suzanne Chase, Georgetown
* Discussion: DSpace for Beginners
  * Tom Hutchinson, Swarthmore

+++?include=schedule/social.md

---?include=schedule/wednesday.md

+++

### Building Customized Collections in DSpace

* [Building Customized Collections in DSpace - Challenges and Impact](https://gitpitch.com/terrywbrady/dspaceUserMeeting?p=customizedCollections)
  * Georgetown Library Information Technology Team

+++

### Questions/Discussion 2 (Wednesday AM)

* Question: Introduction to OAI 
  * Question from Nathan Fralick, Allegheny
* Question: DSpace 7.0 and local changes 
  * Question from George Kozak, Cornell 
* Discussion: Bot Maintenance
  * Shana Wagger, World Bank

+++

### Discussion 3 (Wednesday AM)

* Discussion: Managing and Displaying Complex Objects
  * Leah Prescott, Georgetown Law
* Discussion: DSpace Community - What do You Need?
  * Anne Lawrence, Virgina Tech
* Discussion: Promoting Your Repository
  * Salwa Ismail, Georgetown

+++?include=schedule/breakout.md
  
+++

### Discussion 4 (Wednesday PM)

* Discussion: Author Submission Policies and Practices
  * Maureen Walsh, Ohio State
* Discussion: Assessment of Your Repository - What Does Success Look Like
  * [Volunteer Facilitator Needed](mailto:digitalscholarship@georgetown.edu) <!-- .element: class="red" title="Please contact us if you are interested in facilitating this session"-->
* [Contributing to DSpace](https://gitpitch.com/terrywbrady/dspaceUserMeeting?p=contributingToDSpace)  
  * Terry Brady, Georgetown

+++

### Other Ideas / Not Yet Scheduled
* Discussion: DSpace: When to Upgrade
* Testing DSpace
 
---

### Lightning Talks

* Presentation will be timed and limited to 10 minutes
* An additional 5 minutes for A/V setup and audience questions

+++

### Discussion Topics

* Discussion sessions will be 20 minutes
* Facilitator may start with an optional 5 minute presentation to start the conversation
* Some discussion topics are questions from attendees about DSpace

+++
  
### A/V Details

* The conference room has a computer, projector, and internet connection
* If possible, please share your presentation files with Terry for use on the conference computer
* If you would like to use your own laptop, HDMI and VGA inputs are available